[DOCS] Updates Quickstart guide (#8321)
great-expectations/great_expectations: docs/docusaurus/docs/tutorials/quickstart/quickstart.md

    pip install great_expectations
    ```

    It can take several minutes for the installation to complete.

> 2. In Python run the following command to import the `great_expectations` module:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Run the following Python code to import the `great_expectations` module:
```
